Enable mixing datagrams with streams in one track (#1350)
moq-wg/moq-transport: draft-ietf-moq-transport.md

   End of Track.
9. The same Object is received more than once with different Payload or

>     other immutable properties.

Author: I agree that we should keep the forwarding preference immutable, but Clause 10 makes me feel like it's saying "an object is received with a different forwarding preference than the forwarding preference observed from the previous objects in the same track". Maybe we should make it clearer. 
"A duplicated Object is received with a different Forwarding Preference."

   End of Track.
9. The same Object is received more than once with different Payload or
    other immutable properties.

> 10. A duplicated Object is received with a different Forwarding Preference.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
10. An Object is received with a different Forwarding Preference than previously
    observed.
```

   decide the one that is scheduled to be sent first.
3. If two objects in response to the same request have the same subscriber
   and publisher priority and belong to the same group of the same track, the
   one with **the lowest Subgroup ID** (for objects with delivery preference
   Subgroup), or **the lowest Object ID** (for objects with delivery preference

>    Datagram) is scheduled to be sent first.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Datagram) is scheduled to be sent first.  If the two objects have
   different Forwarding Preferences the order is implementation dependent.
```
